Update browser_extensions.md (#8000)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/browser_extensions.md

## What's not supported

> * Service workers for Manifest v3 is not supported due to lack of DOM/Window API support. This is on our roadmap for future consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Service workers for Manifest v3 are not supported due to a lack of a Document Object Model (DOM) and Window API support. However, this is on the roadmap for future consideration.
```

Author: @internetisaiah on second thought maybe we just explain that our SDK is not supported in this env.
